# Weekly Reflection
Before we loaded up boostrap, getting things spaced correctly felt impossible. Even after that, setting up columns to adjust to smaller screens felt trivial. Media queries and bootstrap's "order" feature were kind of a myth until about the end of morning class on Friday which kind of made my blood pressure go up. A good walk, meditation, some pizza, a couple bananas, and of course some research did the trick. At times it feels like the instructors withhold information that could be very useful in our success and if that's a part of the course, I accept the challenge. However, success is likely the desired outcome for students and teaching them things they don't know seems like a good way to induce success. Maybe I'm too used to traditional campus settings. I can't complain though - so far things seem to be going pretty well and all of the codeworks cadre are friendly, helpful, and intelligent. Solving code problems and designing with them makes it so I can barely contain myself in my seat. I love it so much and I'm super happy to be in this course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
  >Most everything went well this week. 

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
>That boostrap allows you to style almsot entirely withing your classes.

- What are you struggling with?
>formatting for mobile views and smaller screens. I feel we spent very little time on media queries and how they could be utilized.

- What would you count as a victory?
>On Friday I was able to figure out how to use parallax scrolling and also used an icon as both a link and a button and it was really rewarding. However, I will not being using it for my clone site even though I spent a good amount of time on it. Still a tool for my arsenal though.