# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

I am finding out that I am not only a kinestetic learner but also learn best from metacognition. At some points in our class time I am super lost in terms of what is going on with the new topics being taught. It's kind of like I just have a slight notion of the meaning to attach to what we are going over in class. Until I actually go through the logic and read up on what the language is precisely doing, I don't fully understand what is going on. For example, for loops. This week's whiteboard challenge kind of woke me up to the sheer logic behind coding. Mick had asked me to explain how we would go through an array and add the numbers in an array with a for loop. I knew in concept what needed to happen and what we needed to use in order to do so, but didnt understand the logic behind a for statement. After some reading on MDN, I found out there are 3 statements in for loops that essentially deal with a starting point in an index, a statement in which defines conditions we move from one piece of data to the next within this index, and the operation used to move from one piece of data to the next. Under these conditions, data can be manipulated. 

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
Better ecxpectations of what to expect for checkpoints.
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
The sheer logic within conditional statements.
- What are you struggling with?
Learning exact definitions of a concept during class time.
- What would you count as a victory?
Fully understanding the logic of a for loop as well as dictionaries and how to access information from both through functions and conditional statements.